>> Sean Larkin: I talked kind of about,
I stopped here where we
dove into actually how
it works in the code.
But things to remember,
that I think are important,
is that anytime you use a dynamic import,
it's always returning a promise, right?
And it's creating and
putting the modules that you dynamically
imported into a separate file.
Now I wanna talk about
dynamic code splitting.
Dynamic, dynamic, I can't emphasize enough
that this is not true dynamic loading,
but this is kind of a trick.
It's a little compiler trick.
It's a heuristic.
So let's take this code
example that we see here.
So we're using the dynamic input in the
same way that we're familiar with, right?
We assign a variable to a function
that returns a dynamic import, but
we're doing something
a little bit different.
This path is not fully static, right?
There is a variable in here.
And we're taking that variable from
the function parameter and it's passed in.
So, now when you use this code,
you actually see that you can leverage
global conditions at runtime to choose
when to dynamically load something.
Dynamically load something.
So I call it dynamic code
splitting cuz you can actually use
runtime conditions to actually choose
when to load something lazily.
I was blown away cuz I was like,
wow, how does this work?
So I'm gonna break this down.
So we know that we have a function that
returns a dynamic import, but in this case
there's two things that I want you
to walk away with this technique.
Is that there's two pieces
that are really important.
We have the expression,
which is the dynamic piece.
And we have a partial path,
which is the static piece, right?
>> Sean Larkin: What we call
this in our technical terms,
in Webpack we call this a ContextModule.
And I don't know why Tobias
chose context as the name.
Really, it's like directory.
That's what we mean by context.
The path, the directory.
So let's say, given this example,
we have a set of themes that
are inside of a folder, right?
And each of these has
an individual kind of theme defined
in an ES module or whatever.
So, Webpack, what we're telling it to do,
we're basically saying, hey, Webpack,
take this partial path and find all the
possible modules that can resolve in it
and create individual bundles for
them, right?
Does that make sense so far?
So it's not dynamic, it's still static.
Everything that we're doing,
we're creating these chunks at build time.
So, dynamic, right?
You can never do it with
just a variable alone.
In fact, I'll show you in a second when
we will write an example like this.
But I'll show, in fact,
that we throw a warning and
it doesn't really work when you try
to use it with just a variable.
And so you might be like,
so when do we use this?
Who here has to write AB tests, right?
You probably all have to.
Now here's the next question.
Who here has to load both
of their tests at runtime?
Typically, when you're doing AB tests,
you end up having to ship any
scenario up front, right?
You don't need to, but that's
probably contributing to unused code.
Because if you're only
going through one scenario,
you show me load the one UI piece for
that scenario.
And you can do it lazily.
>> Sean Larkin: Theming, just like you
saw in that example, it's a great way.
And it's just convenience, right?
Because if you look back at this, we could
write this code using just static, right?
We would just have a lot more
code to work with, right?
We'd have to say get stylish theme equals
the direct path, without a variable.
Get whatever theme equals,
it's kind of a convenience feature, but
it also is really expressive, right?
And it helps remove duplication.
And it's just easier to wrap.
For me,
it's easier to do something like this.